---
title: About
description: I'm Greg Hunt. I live in Montreal and build things for the web. Here's a little bit more about me.
---

I’ve loved creating things for as long as I can remember, but as
a kid this came out mostly in the form of writing. I{' '}
**loved** information and would go through a process of
reading, and re-writing what I've learned so I could organize
things in my head. That process of organizing information is
probably what I like most about developing websites in general
to this day.

You would think I grew up as a computer geek considering that's
basically my profession, but in fact I **hated** being
inside, and didn't really like using gadgets. I prefered nature
and sports and exploring. I just so happened to fall into the
world of computers when I was asked as a teenager to learn
Photoshop and make some extra cash designing ads for my dad's
advertising business.

I may not have liked computers inherently, but I loved that I
was able to create stuff with them and organize information in
beautiful and creative ways. And so that's what drove my passion
to become the best web developer I could be. Because that
allowed me to create as much as possible on a platform that
would become ubiquitous.

I've spent most of my professional life developing websites and
web apps and as the CTO of a WordPress web agency. Most
recently, I've moved on from exclusively customer projects to
build software products I think the general public can find use
for. Nothing makes me happier than building stuff people will
actually use and somehow make their lives a little bit better.
